Skip to main content

## Primary

SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory

  * About

    * About

Learn about our science, people, facilities and partners. Discover our history and vision for the future.

    * OUR STORY
      * Mission, vision, values
      * History
    * LAB OVERVIEW
      * SLAC at a glance
      * Lab organization
      * Our partnerships
    * OUR PEOPLE
      * Leadership
      * Meet our teams
      * Faculty
    * VISIT SLAC
      * Public tours
      * Contact us
    * Resources
      * Images, videos & more
      * Brochures & fact sheets
    * Connect With Us 
      * Facebook
      * Flickr
      * Instagram
      * LinkedIn
      * Twitter
      * YouTube

video 

### Who we are

We explore radically new ideas with an entrepreneurial mindset.

  * Research

    * Research

Get an overview of research at SLAC: X-ray and ultrafast science, particle and astrophysics, cosmology, particle accelerators, biology, energy and technology.

    * X-ray & ultrafast science

Revealing nature’s fastest processes with X-rays, lasers and electrons

    * Physics of the universe

Studying the particles and forces that knit the cosmos together

    * Advanced accelerators

Building smaller, faster, more powerful accelerators for all

    * Science of life

Understanding the machinery of life at its most basic level

    * New technologies

Inventing new tools for science and society

    * Energy sciences

Finding clean, sustainable solutions for the world’s energy challenges

Spotlight 

### SLAC science explained

Cut through the jargon while exploring our research.

  * Facilities & Centers

    * Facilities & Centers

Learn more about the places where science happens at SLAC: our major facilities, institutes and centers.

    * SCIENTIFIC FACILITIES
      * LCLS website

Linac Coherent Light Source

      * SSRL website

Stanford Synchrotron Radiation Lightsource

      * FACET-II website

Facility for Advanced Accelerator Experimental Tests

      * CryoEM website

Cryogenic Electron Microscopy

    * JOINT INSTITUTES & CENTERS
      * SIMES website

Stanford Institute for Materials & Energy Science

      * KIPAC website

Kavli Institute for Particle Astrophysics & Cosmology

      * PULSE website

Stanford PULSE Institute

      * SUNCAT website

Center for Interface Science & Catalysis

      * SLAC-Stanford Battery Center

Spotlight 

### Vera C. Rubin Observatory LSST

SLAC & Stanford build the world’s largest digital camera for the Legacy Survey of Space and Time (LSST).

  * Work with Us

    * Work with Us

Find a career, partner with us or apply to use our tools and facilities.

    * PARTNER WITH US
      * For industry partners
      * Research partnerships & tech transfer
      * Technology Innovation
    * CAREERS AT SLAC
      * Job openings
      * Internships
      * Life at SLAC
    * USE OUR FACILITIES

Apply to become a user of our scientific research facilities and instruments. 

    * COMING TO SLAC
    * BECOME A SUPPLIER

Spotlight 

### Diversity, Equity & Inclusion

We believe in the transformative power of diversity and that great science requires great people with open minds.

  * News & Events

    * News & Events

Get the latest news about the lab, our science and discoveries. Explore SLAC events and learn how to participate.

    * NEWS CENTER
      * News archive
      * Media resources
      * Images & videos
    * SLAC EVENTS
      * Public lectures
      * Scientific seminars
      * Community events
    * SYMMETRY MAGAZINE

This joint publication of SLAC and Fermilab is your view into the world of particle physics.

    * EDUCATIONAL PROGRAMS
      * Educational tours
      * Resources for students & educators
    * Connect With Us 
      * Facebook
      * Flickr
      * Instagram
      * LinkedIn
      * Twitter
      * YouTube

Upcoming 

### What’s the (dark) Matter with our Universe? Rubin Observatory is on the Case!




Search 

Search 

Search site 

Search people 

Submit

Staff portalStanford directoryComing to SLACResources for…

Aerial view of SSRL (Stanford Synchrotron Radiation Lightsource) with SLAC’s campus in the background. _(Olivier Bonin/SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory) _

Aerial view of SLAC’s campus with the LINAC in the foreground leading into the campus. The interstate 280 passes over the LINAC. Stanford campus and Hoover tower can be seen in the distance. _(Olivier Bonin/SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory) _

SLAC’s campus at sunset looking southeast. The Stanford Dish and Interstate 280 in the distance. _(Olivier Bonin/SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory) _

##  Bold People  
Visionary Science  
Real Impact

We explore how the universe works at the biggest, smallest and fastest scales and invent powerful tools used by scientists around the globe. Our research helps solve real-world problems and advances the interests of the nation.

Our story Our people

Visionary Science 

##  Explore our frontier research 

### X-ray & ultrafast science

Revealing nature’s fastest processes with X-rays, lasers and electrons

### Physics of the universe

Studying the particles and forces that knit the cosmos together  


### Advanced accelerators

Building smaller, faster, more powerful accelerators for all  


### Science of life

Understanding the machinery of life at its most basic level  


### New technologies

Inventing new tools for science and society  


### Energy sciences 

Finding clean, sustainable solutions for the world’s energy challenges

WHERE RESEARCH HAPPENS 

##  Facilities & centers 

At our large-scale facilities and specialized centers, scientists take advantage of powerful tools and unique expertise and collaborate with each other across a wide range of disciplines. Working together is what makes science tick.

Scientific facilities Joint institutes & centers

SLAC’s Stanford Synchrotron Radiation Lightsource (SSRL) provides extremely bright X-rays that scientists use in a wide range of research to probe matter on the scale of atoms and molecules. _(__Olivier Bonin_ _/SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory)_

The Linac Coherent Light Source (LCLS), the world’s first hard X-ray free-electron laser, allows researchers to make stop-action movies of chemistry in action and explore proteins for new pharmaceuticals. _(__Olivier Bonin_ _/SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory)_

FACET-II provides high-energy electron beams for researching revolutionary particle accelerator technologies that could make future accelerators 100 to 1,000 times smaller and a lot more capable. _(Peter Ginter/SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory)_

The Stanford-SLAC CryoEM center gives scientists unprecedented views of the inner workings of the cell and of technologies like batteries and solar cells. _(Andy Freeberg/SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory)_

MEET OUR TEAMS 

##  SLAC people 

To achieve our ambitious goals and keep SLAC a great place to work, the lab needs a creative, diverse and united workforce – people with a wide variety of experiences, ideas, skills and backgrounds.

Members of the MEC Upgrade Project tri-lab collaboration on the roof patio of LCLS. _(__Olivier Bonin_ _/SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory)_

SLAC employees participated in the first onsite Pride Parade on June 29, 2022. _(__Jacqueline Ramseyer Orrell_ _/SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory)_

Anna Rosa Ziefuss, Chris Crissman, Dr. Siegfried Glenzer, Griffin Glenn, and Zhijiang Chen at the HEDS (High Energy Density Science) Sector 10 Laser Lab. _(__Jacqueline Ramseyer Orrell_ _/SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory)_

Jeney Wierman stands in the control room of SSRL. She, along with other members of the Structural Molecular Biology team, supports three beamlines, 12-1, 12-2 and 9-2, which are dedicated to helping research from all over the world, creating 3D atomic-resolution shapes of various SARS-CoV-2 related proteins. _(__Linda McCulloch_ _/SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory)_

From left, Project Scientist Dr. Razib Obaid, Staff Scientist Ming-Fu Lin, Associate Scientist Taran Driver and Doctoral Student Erik Isele work in the TMO Control Room 1.1, located in the Near Experimental Hall at LCLS. (_Jacqueline Ramseyer Orrell_/SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory) 

Work with usLife at SLAC

LATEST UPDATES 

##  SLAC news center 

News Feature

### Researchers observe “locked” electron pairs in a superconductor cuprate

The finding could help future efforts to design superconductors that work at higher temperatures.

News Feature 

### Remembering theoretical physicist James D. “BJ” Bjorken, 90, who played a crucial role in discovering quarks

His wide-ranging curiosity, original way of looking at problems and sheer joy in solving them drove many important contributions to particle physics. 

August 14, 2024 · 6 min read 

News Brief 

### LCLS resolves fusion-related nanofoams in 3D

An X-ray imaging technique revealed that copper nanofoams used in inertial fusion experiments aren't as uniform as expected.

August 8, 2024 · 2 min read 

News Feature 

### NSF–DOE Rubin Observatory’s secondary mirror installed

The 3.5-meter glass mirror is the first permanent component of the Simonyi Survey Telescope's state-of-the-art, wide-field optical system to be installed and will soon...

August 1, 2024 · 2 min read 

News Feature 

### Remembering theoretical physicist James D. “BJ” Bjorken, 90, who played a crucial role in discovering quarks

His wide-ranging curiosity, original way of looking at problems and sheer joy in solving them drove many important contributions to particle physics. 

August 14, 2024 · 6 min read 

News Brief 

### LCLS resolves fusion-related nanofoams in 3D

An X-ray imaging technique revealed that copper nanofoams used in inertial fusion experiments aren't as uniform as expected.

August 8, 2024 · 2 min read 

News Feature 

### NSF–DOE Rubin Observatory’s secondary mirror installed

The 3.5-meter glass mirror is the first permanent component of the Simonyi Survey Telescope's state-of-the-art, wide-field optical system to be installed and will soon...

August 1, 2024 · 2 min read 

News Feature 

### Photos: Oakland middle schoolers immerse themselves in STEM at SLAC summer camp

For the 9th year in a row, the CORE Science Institute brought underrepresented youth to the lab for a weeklong summer science program that...

July 29, 2024 · 2 min read 

News Feature 

VIA Brookhaven Lab 

### Atomic 'GPS' elucidates movement during ultrafast material transitions

Scientists demonstrated a materials characterization technique can be successful at a new type of facility, and they used it at LCLS to discover a...

July 26, 2024 

News Brief 

### SLAC and Stanford researchers advance understanding of a key celiac enzyme

Wheat and other sources of gluten can spell trouble for people with the disease, but new findings could aid the development of first-ever drugs...

July 22, 2024 · 2 min read 

Show less  Show more 

News archiveMedia mentionsMedia resources

SLAC EVENTS 

##  What’s happening 

Upcoming Event 

SLAC on Tap 

### What’s the (dark) Matter with our Universe? Rubin Observatory is on the Case!

Discovering millions of galaxies and unraveling the mysteries of dark matter and dark energy is far out! Join us at the Dutch Goose for...

Date Thursday, August 22, 2024   
5:00 p.m. – 7:00 p.m. PT 

Location The Dutch Goose, 3567 Alameda de las Pulgas Menlo Park, CA 94025 

Aug 22 

Upcoming Event 

Seminars and conferences 

### Single-Particle Cryo-Electron Microscopy (Cryo-EM) Image Processing Workshop

The Stanford-SLAC Cryo-EM Center will host an advanced cryo-EM image processing workshop.

Date Monday, September 16, 2024 – Wednesday, September 18, 2024 

Sep 16–18 

> SLAC is a vibrant community of diverse perspectives and expertise, all working together to solve some of the most pressing challenges of our times."
> 
> John Sarrao  Lab Director 

Video

Play video 

SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory is a Department of Energy national lab run by Stanford in the heart of Silicon Valley. We invent scientific tools to explore the universe at its biggest, its smallest and its fastest. _(Olivier Bonin/SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory)_

Close 

##  Who we are 

June 2, 2022 

SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory is a Department of Energy national lab run by Stanford in the heart of Silicon Valley. We invent scientific tools to explore the universe at its biggest, its smallest and its fastest.

Olivier Bonin/SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory

Video details 

DIG DEEPER 

##  Explore SLAC 

PUBLIC TOURS 

###  Take a tour of SLAC

THE BASICS 

###  SLAC science explained

MEDIA RESOURCES 

###  Images, videos & more

LAB OVERVIEW 

###  Brochures & fact sheets

Quick links 

##  Resources 

### For facility users

  * Facility user portal
  * SLAC User’s Organization (SLUO)
  * FACET-II users
  * LCLS users
  * SSRL users
  * Coming to SLAC



### For industry partners

  * Research partnerships & technology transfer
  * Laboratory Directed Research & Development (LDRD)
  * Technology Innovation Directorate
  * Suppliers & vendors



### For media

  * News center
  * Media resources
  * SLAC experts
  * Images & videos
  * Explore SLAC topics
  * Connect with us



### For job seekers

  * Current openings
  * Careers at SLAC
  * Internships
  * Stanford benefits
  * Maps & directions



### For SLAC staff

  * Staff portal
  * Staff resources
  * Resources for new employees
  * Stanford benefits



### For students & educators

  * Educational programs
  * Internship opportunities
  * SLAC science explained
  * Images & videos
  * Public lectures
  * Public tours



**SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory**   
2575 Sand Hill Road   
Menlo Park, CA 94025-7015   
650.926.3300

  * Coming to SLAC
  * Connect with us
  * Contact us


  * Facebook
  * Flickr
  * Instagram
  * LinkedIn
  * Twitter
  * YouTube



**Sign up for our email**

Monthly newsletter for cutting-edge science, SLAC milestones and events.

Sign up

##  Bold People  
Visionary Science  
Real Impact

We explore how the universe works at the biggest, smallest and fastest scales and invent powerful tools used by scientists around the globe.

## Footer Menu

  * About
    * Our story
    * Our people
    * Lab overview
    * Visit SLAC
    * Resources
    * Connect with us
  * Research
    * X-ray & ultrafast science
    * Advanced accelerators
    * New technologies
    * Physics of the universe
    * Science of life
    * Energy sciences
    * SLAC science explained
  * Facilities & centers
    * Scientific facilities
    * Joint institutes & centers
  * Work with us
    * Partner with us
    * Become a supplier
    * Use our facilities
    * Careers at SLAC
  * News & events
    * News center
    * Symmetry Magazine
    * Media resources
    * Events
    * Educational programs
    * Connect with us



## Footer utility

  * Staff portal
  * Privacy policy
  * Accessibility
  * Vulnerability disclosure
  * A–Z index
  * Website feedback



## Subfooter

  * SLAC home
  * Maps & directions
  * Emergency info
  * Careers



© 2023 SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory is operated by Stanford University for the U.S. Department of Energy Office of Science.

Top Top

Back to top Back to top
