Skip to main content

__Back to top

__ `Ctrl`+`K`

PyData Theme

  * User Guide 
  * Contributor Guide 
  * Examples 
  * Changelog 
  * More 
    * API 
    * PyData 
    * NumFocus 
    * Donate to NumFocus 



  * __ Twitter
  * __ GitHub
  * __ PyPI
  * __ PyData



  * User Guide 
  * Contributor Guide 
  * Examples 
  * Changelog 
  * API 
  * PyData 
  * NumFocus 
  * Donate to NumFocus 



  * __ Twitter
  * __ GitHub
  * __ PyPI
  * __ PyData



# The PyData Sphinx Theme#

A clean, Bootstrap-based Sphinx theme by and for the PyData community.

Built with Bootstrap

Use Bootstrap classes and functionality in your documentation.

Responsive Design

Site sections will change behavior and size at different screen sizes.

Light / Dark theme

Users can toggle between light and dark themes interactively.

Customizable UI and themes

Customize colors and branding with CSS variables, and build custom UIs with Sphinx Design components.

Supports PyData and Jupyter

CSS and UI support for Jupyter extensions and PyData execution outputs.

Example Gallery

See our gallery of projects that use this theme.

See also

If you are looking for a Sphinx theme that puts all of its sub-pages in the sidebar, the Sphinx Book Theme has a similar look and feel, and Furo is another excellent choice. You can also see the Sphinx Themes Gallery for more ideas.

## User Guide#

Information about using, configuration, and customizing this theme.

  * User Guide
    * Installation
    * Theme Structure and Layout
    * Navigation depth and collapsing sidebars
    * Page Table of Contents
    * Header links
    * Source Buttons
    * Sphinx indices
    * Announcement banners
    * Version switcher dropdowns
    * Search bar / search button
    * Keyboard shortcuts
    * Internationalization
    * Back to Top button
    * Theme-specific elements
    * Blogs with `ABlog`
    * Sphinx Design Components
    * Extending the theme
    * Branding and logo
    * Theme variables and CSS
    * Fonts and FontAwesome
    * Light and dark themes
    * Accessibility
    * Analytics and usage services
    * Add custom CSS and JS assets
    * Build performance and size
    * Theme changes, deprecations, and warnings
    * Read the Docs functionality



## Community and contribution guide#

Information about the community behind this theme and how you can contribute.

  * Contributor Guide
    * Get started with development
    * Structure of this theme
    * Topic guides
    * Merge and review policy
    * Making releases
    * Supported Python and Sphinx versions
    * Contributors to this theme
    * Inspiration for design and UX



## Examples#

Several example pages to demonstrate the functionality of this theme when used alongside other Sphinx extensions.

  * Examples
    * Gallery of sites using this theme
    * Kitchen Sink
    * PyData Library Styles
    * Execution Libraries
    * Graphviz
    * 1\. Test of no sidebar
    * 2\. Test of persistent search field
    * 3\. Test of in-page TOC with no right sidebar
    * 4\. Section to show off pages with many sub pages
    * 5\. Top-level headers and the TOC
    * 6\. An example with multiple top-level headers
    * 7\. An example with a single top-level header
    * Link to an external site



## API#

The content of the exposed `pydata_sphinx_theme` API.

  * API
    * pydata_sphinx_theme



next

User Guide

__

© Copyright 2019, PyData Community.   


Created using Sphinx 7.3.7.   


Built with the PyData Sphinx Theme 0.15.4. 
