ts_mtdometrajectory

  * Forum
  * Docs
  * LSST.org â†’



### Navigation

  * next » 
  * ts_mtdometrajectory » 



# lsst.ts.mtdometrajectoryÂ¶

## OverviewÂ¶

MTDomeTrajectory moves the Simonyi Survey Telescope dome to follow the telescope. It does this by reading telescope position from the MTMount CSC and issuing commands to the MTDome CSC.

Unlike most observatory enclosures, we plan to slowly rotate the dome during exposures, in order to minimize the time required to move to the next target. MTDomeTrajectory supports multiple algorithms for determining how to move the dome, though at present only one simple algorithm is available.

## User GuideÂ¶

Start the MTDomeTrajectory CSC as follows:
    
    
    run_mtdometrajectory
    

Stop the CSC by sending it to the OFFLINE state.

To make the dome follow the telescope: issue the MTDomeTrajectory setEnabledMode command with `enabled=True`.

To move the dome to a specified position that is different from the telescope:

  * Stop the dome from following: issue the MTDomeTrajectory setEnabledMode command with `enabled=False`.

  * Move the dome: issue the MTDome moveAz command and/or moveEl command.




MTDomeTrajectory can support multiple algorithms for making the dome follow the telescope; but at the time of this writing, there is only one. The algorithm is specified and configured in configuration.

### SimulationÂ¶

MTDomeTrajectory can be fully exercised without hardware by running the MTMount CSC and MTDome CSC in simulation mode. MTDomeTrajectory does not have a simulation mode of its own.

### ConfigurationÂ¶

Configuration is defined by CONFIG_SCHEMA. Configuration primarily consists of specifying the control algorithm and its associated parameters.

Available algorithms:

  * `SimpleAlgorithm`




Configuration files live in ts_config_mttcs/MTDomeTrajectory.

## Developer GuideÂ¶

  * Developer Guide



## Version HistoryÂ¶

  * Version History



### On this page

  * lsst.ts.mtdometrajectory
    * Overview
    * User Guide
      * Simulation
      * Configuration
    * Developer Guide
    * Version History



Back to Top

Last built Mar 25, 2024. 

Created using Sphinx 5.3.0. Page design is based on Astropy's bootstrap-astropy theme in astropy-helpers.   
LSST documentation is proudly served through the Fastly CDN. 

© Copyright 2015-2024 LSST contributors.  


Financial support for LSST comes from the National Science Foundation (NSF) through Cooperative Agreement No. 1258333, the Department of Energy (DOE) Office of Science under Contract No. DE-AC02-76SF00515, and private funding raised by the LSST Corporation. The NSF-funded LSST Project Office for construction was established as an operating center under management of the Association of Universities for Research in Astronomy (AURA). The DOE-funded effort to build the LSST camera is managed by the SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory (SLAC). 
