Skip to main content

GitHub Docs

Version: Free, Pro, & Team

Search GitHub DocsSearch

Select language: current language is English

Open Search BarClose Search Bar

Open Menu

# GitHub Docs

Help for wherever you are on your GitHub journey.

## Get started

  * Get started
  * Migrations
  * Account and profile
  * Authentication
  * Billing and payments
  * Site policy



## Collaborative coding

  * Codespaces
  * Repositories
  * Pull requests
  * GitHub Discussions
  * GitHub Copilot



## CI/CD and DevOps

  * GitHub Actions
  * GitHub Packages
  * GitHub Pages



## Security

  * Code security
  * Supply chain security
  * Security advisories
  * Dependabot
  * Code scanning
  * Secret scanning



## Client apps

  * GitHub CLI
  * GitHub Desktop



## Project management

  * GitHub Issues
  * Projects
  * Search on GitHub



## Developers

  * Apps
  * REST API
  * GraphQL API
  * Webhooks
  * GitHub Models



## Enterprise and Teams

  * Organizations
  * Enterprise administrators



## Community

  * Building communities
  * GitHub Sponsors
  * GitHub Education
  * GitHub Support
  * Contribute to GitHub Docs



## More docs

  * Electron
  * CodeQL
  * npm



## Getting started

  * ### Set up Git

At the heart of GitHub is an open-source version control system (VCS) called Git. Git is responsible for everything GitHub-related that happens locally on your computer.

  * ### Connecting to GitHub with SSH

You can connect to GitHub using the Secure Shell Protocol (SSH), which provides a secure channel over an unsecured network.

  * ### Creating and managing repositories

You can create a repository on GitHub to store and collaborate on your project's files, then manage the repository's name and location.

  * ### Basic writing and formatting syntax

Create sophisticated formatting for your prose and code on GitHub with simple syntax.




## Popular

  * ### About pull requests

Learn about pull requests and draft pull requests on GitHub. Pull requests communicate changes to a branch in a repository. Once a pull request is opened, you can review changes with collaborators and add follow-up commits.

  * ### Authentication documentation

Keep your account and data secure with features like two-factor authentication, SSH, and commit signature verification.

  * ### Getting code suggestions in your IDE with GitHub Copilot

Use GitHub Copilot to get code suggestions in your editor.

  * ### Managing remote repositories

Learn to work with your local repositories on your computer and remote repositories hosted on GitHub.




## Help and support

### Did you find what you needed?

Yes No

Privacy policy

### Help us make these docs great!

All GitHub docs are open source. See something that's wrong or unclear? Submit a pull request.

Make a contribution

Learn how to contribute

### Still need help?

Ask the GitHub community

Contact support

## Legal

  * © 2024 GitHub, Inc.
  * Terms
  * Privacy
  * Status
  * Pricing
  * Expert services
  * Blog


