  * Advanced search
  * About



# Science Platform infrastructure documentation

Developer and operational documentation for the Science Platform and Data Facility. 

### Firefly

JavaScript Firefly Tools API. 

Source repository
    Caltech-IPAC/firefly

### Gafaelfawr

Gafaelfawr is the authentication and authorization front-end for the Vera C. Rubin Observatory Science Platform. 

Source repository
    lsst-sqre/gafaelfawr

### Phalanx

This documentation contains operational notes of interest to administrators of the Science Platform but not of interest to users. 

Source repository
    lsst-sqre/lsp-deploy

### Qserv

LSST Query Services (Qserv) provides access to the LSST Database Catalogs. 

Source repository
    lsst/qserv

### Qserv-operator

A qserv operator for Kubernetes based on operator-framework. 

Source repository
    lsst/qserv-operator

### Rubin Science Platform

The Rubin Science Platform is an online service that enables you to access and analyze Rubin LSST data. This documentation will help you set up your user account and work with the Rubin Science Platform’s software and services. 

Source repository
    lsst/rsp_lsst_io

### firefly_client

Python API for Firefly, IPAC's Advanced Astronomy Web UI Framework. 

Source repository
    https://github.com/Caltech-IPAC/firefly_client

## Have feedback?

There are many ways to get in touch:

  * Create a GitHub issue
  * Create a Jira ticket in the `www_lsst_io` component (internal)
  * Chat in #dm-docs-support on Slack (internal)



Vera C. Rubin Observatory is a Federal project jointly funded by the National Science Foundation (NSF) and the Department of Energy (DOE) Office of Science, with early construction funding received from private donations through the LSST Corporation. The NSF-funded LSST (now Rubin Observatory) Project Office for construction was established as an operating center under the management of the Association of Universities for Research in Astronomy (AURA). The DOE-funded effort to build the Rubin Observatory LSST Camera (LSSTCam) is managed by SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory (SLAC).

NSF and DOE will continue to support Rubin Observatory in its operations phase to carry out the Legacy Survey of Space and Time. They will also provide support for scientific research with the data. During operations, NSF funding is managed by the Association of Universities for Research in Astronomy (AURA) under a cooperative agreement with NSF, and DOE funding is managed by SLAC under contract by DOE. Rubin Observatory is operated by NSF's NOIRLab and SLAC.

© 2024 Association of Universities for Research in Astronomy (AURA), Inc.
