ts_standardscripts

  * Forum
  * Docs
  * LSST.org â†’



### Navigation

  * next » 
  * ts_standardscripts » 



# Standard ScriptsÂ¶

## OverviewÂ¶

The standard SAL scripts run by the script queue.

## User DocumentationÂ¶

To add a script to this package:

  * Read SAL Scripts to learn the basics of writing a SAL script.

  * Add your script implementation to the library: `python/lsst/ts/standardscripts`.

  * Add a test suite to the `tests` directory.

  * Add a bin script to the `python/lsst/ts/standardscripts/data/scripts` directory.




## Developer DocumentationÂ¶

  * Developer Guide



## Version HistoryÂ¶

  * Version History



### On this page

  * Standard Scripts
    * Overview
    * User Documentation
    * Developer Documentation
    * Version History



Back to Top

Last built Jul 30, 2024. 

Created using Sphinx 5.3.0. Page design is based on Astropy's bootstrap-astropy theme in astropy-helpers.   
LSST documentation is proudly served through the Fastly CDN. 

© Copyright 2015-2024 LSST contributors.  


Financial support for LSST comes from the National Science Foundation (NSF) through Cooperative Agreement No. 1258333, the Department of Energy (DOE) Office of Science under Contract No. DE-AC02-76SF00515, and private funding raised by the LSST Corporation. The NSF-funded LSST Project Office for construction was established as an operating center under management of the Association of Universities for Research in Astronomy (AURA). The DOE-funded effort to build the LSST camera is managed by the SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory (SLAC). 
