Roundtable

  * Forum
  * Docs
  * LSST.org â†’



### Navigation

  * next » 
  * Roundtable » 



# RoundtableÂ¶

## An obsolete application platform by SQuaREÂ¶

At SQuaRE, we love building bots, microservices, and apps that help the LSST Project get its work done. Roundtable was once a new initiative to bring many of these services under one roof to leverage common resources, like a Kubernetes cluster, HTTP ingress for APIs, Kafka for event-based apps, monitoring and logging, and continuous deployment patterns. It has since been supplanted by Phalanx, which contains a `Roundtable` project. All new development of Roundtable applications should be done within Phalanx, and we are actively working on sunsetting Original Roundtable.

## OverviewÂ¶

  * Overview of the Roundtable platform



## Application developer guideÂ¶

  * Application developer guide
    * Defining an ingress
    * Using Vault for application secrets



## Roundtable deployment and operations guideÂ¶

  * Roundtable deployment and operations guide
    * Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) Cluster operations
    * security app deployment guide
    * roundtable app deployment guide
    * app-land app deployment guide
    * argo-cd app deployment guide
    * cert-manager app deployment guide
    * events app deployment guide
    * ingress-nginx app deployment guide
    * strimzi app deployment guide
    * vault-secrets-operator app deployment guide



## Project informationÂ¶

Roundtable is created for the LSST Project. The main Git repository for this documentation and the Roundtable deployment is https://github.com/lsst-sqre/roundtable. See the LICENSE file for licensing information.

### On this page

  * Roundtable
    * An obsolete application platform by SQuaRE
    * Overview
    * Application developer guide
    * Roundtable deployment and operations guide
    * Project information



Back to Top

Created using Sphinx 1.8.6. Page design is based on Astropy's bootstrap-astropy theme in astropy-helpers.   
LSST documentation is proudly served through the Fastly CDN. 

© Copyright 2019 Association of Universities for Research in Astronomy.  


Financial support for LSST comes from the National Science Foundation (NSF) through Cooperative Agreement No. 1258333, the Department of Energy (DOE) Office of Science under Contract No. DE-AC02-76SF00515, and private funding raised by the LSST Corporation. The NSF-funded LSST Project Office for construction was established as an operating center under management of the Association of Universities for Research in Astronomy (AURA). The DOE-funded effort to build the LSST camera is managed by the SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory (SLAC). 
