ts_mtmount

  * Forum
  * Docs
  * LSST.org â†’



### Navigation

  * next » 
  * ts_mtmount » 



# lsst.ts.mtmountÂ¶

The MTMount CSC controls the Simonyi Survey Telescope main axes and related components at Vera C. Rubin Observatory.

The MTMount CSC also communicates with the low level Telescope Mount Assembly (TMA) controller, written by Tekniker. Also the MTMount CSC monitors the MTRotator CSC in order to command the camera cable wrap (CCW) to follow the rotator.

## User GuideÂ¶

Start the MTMount CSC as follows:
    
    
    run_mtmount.py
    

Stop the CSC by sending it to the OFFLINE state.

See MTMount SAL communication interface for commands, events and telemetry.

When the MTMount CSC is started (sent from STANDBY to DISABLED state) it launches a background process to read telemetry from the low-level controller and publish it as SAL/DDS.

To control the MTMount CSC from the command line (e.g. for engineering), you may use the CSC commander. Please only do this if you are sure it will not interfere with operations:
    
    
    command_mtmount.py --host ccw-mgmt.cp.lsst.org
    

## Developer GuideÂ¶

  * Developer Guide



## Version HistoryÂ¶

  * Version History



### On this page

  * lsst.ts.mtmount
    * User Guide
    * Developer Guide
    * Version History



Back to Top

Last built Mar 05, 2024. 

Created using Sphinx 5.3.0. Page design is based on Astropy's bootstrap-astropy theme in astropy-helpers.   
LSST documentation is proudly served through the Fastly CDN. 

© Copyright 2015-2024 LSST contributors.  


Financial support for LSST comes from the National Science Foundation (NSF) through Cooperative Agreement No. 1258333, the Department of Energy (DOE) Office of Science under Contract No. DE-AC02-76SF00515, and private funding raised by the LSST Corporation. The NSF-funded LSST Project Office for construction was established as an operating center under management of the Association of Universities for Research in Astronomy (AURA). The DOE-funded effort to build the LSST camera is managed by the SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory (SLAC). 
