Skip to main content

__ `Ctrl`+`K`

LSST EFD Client

Site Navigation 

  * User guide 
  * Python API 
  * Change log 
  * Development 
  * Rubin docs 



__

______

  * __ GitHub



__

Site Navigation 

  * User guide 
  * Python API 
  * Change log 
  * Development 
  * Rubin docs 



______

  * __ GitHub



# The LSST EFD Client#

The LSST EFD Client helps you access the LSST Engineering Facility Database (EFD), which is backed by InfluxDB. There are two clients available, the `EfdClient` and `EfdClientSync`, which offer an asynchronous and synchronous interface respectively, handling authentication and convenience methods for accessing data in ready-to-use formats:

`get_topics`
    

Get the topics in the EFD.

`get_fields`
    

Get the fields in a particular topic.

`build_time_range_query`
    

Build an InfluxQL query for a topic and time range.

`select_time_series`:
    

Get a `DataFrame` containing results of a time range query.

`select_packed_time_series`:
    

Get a `DataFrame` with high cadence telemetry expanded into a single `DataFrame`.

`select_top_n`
    

Get a `DataFrame` with the results of just the most recent rows.

`get_schema`
    

Return metadata about fields associated with a topic. This includes the description, units and an `astropy.units.Unit` where possible. If any of the metadata is missing in the topic definition, it will be `None` in the returned schema.

This package also provides some useful utility functions for dealing with data returned from the various `EfdClient` data access methods:

`resample`
    

Resample a `pandas.DataFrame` onto the the sampling of a second `pandas.DataFrame`

`rendezvous_dataframes`
    

Given one `pandas.DataFrame`, find all entries in another `pandas.DataFrame` that are closest (default is nearest in the past).

Follow the Getting started guide to start accessing EFD data. Also, check out the demo notebooks for examples.

next

User guide

__

__Edit this page

© Copyright 2020-2023 Association of Universities for Research in Astronomy, Inc. (AURA).  


Built with the  PyData Sphinx Theme  0.12.0. 

Created using Sphinx 7.2.6.  

