  * Advanced search
  * About



# Simulations documentation

Documentation for the LSST Simulations software packages. 

### rubin_sim

Source repository
    lsst/rubin_sim

## Have feedback?

There are many ways to get in touch:

  * Create a GitHub issue
  * Create a Jira ticket in the `www_lsst_io` component (internal)
  * Chat in #dm-docs-support on Slack (internal)



Vera C. Rubin Observatory is a Federal project jointly funded by the National Science Foundation (NSF) and the Department of Energy (DOE) Office of Science, with early construction funding received from private donations through the LSST Corporation. The NSF-funded LSST (now Rubin Observatory) Project Office for construction was established as an operating center under the management of the Association of Universities for Research in Astronomy (AURA). The DOE-funded effort to build the Rubin Observatory LSST Camera (LSSTCam) is managed by SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory (SLAC).

NSF and DOE will continue to support Rubin Observatory in its operations phase to carry out the Legacy Survey of Space and Time. They will also provide support for scientific research with the data. During operations, NSF funding is managed by the Association of Universities for Research in Astronomy (AURA) under a cooperative agreement with NSF, and DOE funding is managed by SLAC under contract by DOE. Rubin Observatory is operated by NSF's NOIRLab and SLAC.

© 2024 Association of Universities for Research in Astronomy (AURA), Inc.
