ts_tcpip

  * Forum
  * Docs
  * LSST.org â†’



### Navigation

  * next » 
  * ts_tcpip » 



# lsst.ts.tcpipÂ¶

Python code to support TCP/IP communication using asyncio.

## User GuideÂ¶

The basic classes are:

  * `Client`: a TCP/IP client. One use case is CSCs that communicate via TCP/IP with low-level controllers. Providing a connect_callback makes it easy to report the connection state as an event, and also allows you to detect and handle a failed connection.

  * `OneClientReadLoopServer`: an abstract TCP/IP server that only accepts a single client connection at a time (rejecting extra attempts to connect) and runs a read loop while connected. One common use case is mock servers in CSC packages. Override the read_and_dispatch method in a subclass to use it.

  * `OneClientServer`: the concrete parent class of `OneClientReadLoopServer`; a server with no read loop. Most users will find `OneClientReadLoopServer` more convenient.

  * `BaseOneClientServerTestCase`: a base class for unit tests of servers.




A simple example of using `Client` and `OneClientReadLoopServer` together is provided in tests/test_example.py. This example is written as a unit test in order to avoid bit rot.

The server classes are designed so to be inherited from, in order to add application-specific behavior. An example of inheriting from `OneClientReadLoopServer` is `MockDomeController` in ts_atdome. One can also inherit from `Client`; see `CommandTelemetryClient` in ts_hexrotcomm for an example.

### Strings and JSONÂ¶

In the Python standard TCP/IP library, all reading and writing is done using `bytes`. To write a `str` you must encode it to `bytes` and, usually, append a terminator, then write the resulting bytes. To read a `str` you usually readuntil a terminator, decode the read `bytes` to a str and, usually, strip the terminator.

However, `Client` and the server classes offer convenience methods to do this for you, as well as methods to read and write json-encoded data (via the common base class `BaseClientOrServer`):

  * `BaseClientOrServer.read_str`

  * `BaseClientOrServer.write_str`

  * `BaseClientOrServer.read_json`

  * `BaseClientOrServer.read_json`




The `encoding` and `terminator` constructor arguments allow you specify the desired encoding and terminator for these methods. The default encoding and terminator will work in many cases.

### Binary StructsÂ¶

To read and write a binary struct, define a `ctypes.Structure` and use `BaseClientOrServer.read_into` and `BaseClientOrServer.write_from`. For example (where `client_or_server` is an instance of `Client` or `OneClientServer`):
    
    
    import ctypes
    
    class TrivialStruct(ctypes.Structure):
        _fields_ = [
            ("a_double", ctypes.c_double),
            ("three_ints", ctypes.c_int64 * 3),
        ]
    
    # Reading
    data = TrivialStruct()
    try:
        await client_or_server.read_into(data)
    except (asyncio.IncompleteReadError, ConnectionError):
        # Connection is closed
        ...handle the closed connection
    
    # Writing
    data = TrivialStruct(a_double=1.2e3, three_ints=(-1, 2, 3))
    await client_or_server.write_from(data)
    

### Details of using `asyncio.StreamReader` and `asyncio.StreamWriter`Â¶

The asyncio documentation is good, but I found a few things surprising. `Client` and `OneClientServer` are designed to hide some of these details, but this information may still be helpful.

In the examples below `reader` is an `asyncio.StreamReader` and `writer` is an `asyncio.StreamWriter`.

  * When you write data, be sure to call drain, else the data may not actually be written:
    
        writer.write(data_bytes)
    await writer.drain()
    

  * When you read data, check for a closed connection by catching `(asyncio.IncompleteReadError, ConnectionError)`. For example:
    
        try:
        data = reader.readuntil(tcpip.DEFAULT_TERMINATOR) # or reader.read or reader.readline
        # If data is empty then the connection is closed and reader.at_eof() will be True.
        # If there was unread data on the reader, then a partial result will be returned.
        # reader.at_eof() will be true if the result is partial.
    
        # There are other read methods that handle EOF differently.
        # reader.readexactly and tcpip.read_into raise asyncio.IncompleteReadError
        # if the connection is closed before enough data is available.
    except (asyncio.IncompleteReadError, ConnectionError):
        # Connection is closed.
        # Do something to tell your application not to write any more data,
        # such as cancelling the write loop...
    
        # Close the writer
        await lsst.ts.tcpip.close_stream_writer(writer)
    
        # Deal with lack of data, e.g. by raising an exception,
        # or returning None, or...
    

A few read methods do not raise `asyncio.IncompleteReadError`. See `asyncio.StreamReader` documentation for details.

  * You can only reliably detect a closed connection in the stream reader; writing to stream writer after the other end has disconnected does not raise an exception.

  * When a reader is closed, `reader.at_eof()` is not false right away. It will go false if you try to read data, or if you simply wait long enough.

  * When you are done with a TCP/IP stream, close the stream writer (you cannot close a stream reader). To close a stream writer, call `close_stream_writer`:
    
        from lsst.ts import tcpip
    
    await tcpip.close_stream_writer(writer)
    

This convenience function calls `asyncio.StreamWriter.close` and `asyncio.StreamWriter.wait_closed`. It also catches and ignores `ConnectionError`, which is raised if the writer is already closed.

Warning: `asyncio.StreamWriter.wait_closed` may raise `asyncio.CancelledError` if the writer is being closed. `close_stream_writer` does not catch and ignore that exception, because I felt that was too risky.




## Python API referenceÂ¶

### lsst.ts.tcpip PackageÂ¶

#### FunctionsÂ¶

`close_stream_writer`(writer)

Close an asyncio.StreamWriter and wait for it to finish closing.  
  
`read_into`(reader,Â struct)

Read binary data from a stream reader into a `ctypes.Structure`.  
  
`write_from`(writer,Â *structs)

Write binary data from one or more `ctypes.Structure`s to a stream writer.  
  
#### ClassesÂ¶

`BaseClientOrServer`(*,Â log[,Â ...])

Abstract base class for a TCP/IP client or server.  
  
`BaseOneClientServerTestCase`([methodName])

Base class for unit tests of subclasses of OneClienServer.  
  
`Client`(host,Â port,Â log[,Â connect_callback,Â ...])

A TCP/IP socket client.  
  
`OneClientReadLoopServer`(*,Â port[,Â host,Â ...])

A OneClientServer that reads and processes data in a loop.  
  
`OneClientServer`(host,Â port,Â log[,Â ...])

A TCP/IP socket server that serves a single client.  
  
`TestOneClientReadLoopServer`(*,Â port[,Â host,Â ...])

A simple implementation of OneClientReadLoopServer for unit tests.  
  
## ContributingÂ¶

`lsst.ts.tcpip` is developed at https://github.com/lsst-ts/ts_tcpip. You can find Jira issues for this module at labels=ts_tcpip.

## Version HistoryÂ¶

  * Version History



### On this page

  * lsst.ts.tcpip
    * User Guide
      * Strings and JSON
      * Binary Structs
      * Details of using `asyncio.StreamReader` and `asyncio.StreamWriter`
    * Python API reference
      * lsst.ts.tcpip Package
        * Functions
        * Classes
    * Contributing
    * Version History



Back to Top

Last built Apr 11, 2024. 

Created using Sphinx 7.2.6. Page design is based on Astropy's bootstrap-astropy theme in astropy-helpers.   
LSST documentation is proudly served through the Fastly CDN. 

© Copyright 2015-2024 LSST contributors.  


Financial support for LSST comes from the National Science Foundation (NSF) through Cooperative Agreement No. 1258333, the Department of Energy (DOE) Office of Science under Contract No. DE-AC02-76SF00515, and private funding raised by the LSST Corporation. The NSF-funded LSST Project Office for construction was established as an operating center under management of the Association of Universities for Research in Astronomy (AURA). The DOE-funded effort to build the LSST camera is managed by the SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory (SLAC). 
