  * GALLERY 
  * **PUBLIC & SCIENTISTS**
  * PROJECT TEAM 
  * DISCOVERY ALLIANCE 



Legacy Survey of Space and Time

__

  * About 

    * History 
    * Construction Updates 
    * Leadership 
    * Rubin Culture 
    * Rubin in Chile 
    * Organization 
    * Science Collaborations 
    * Funding Information 
    * Work With Us 

    * Project Schedule 
    * Project Organization 
    * Team 
    * Staff Highlights 
    * Diversity, Equity & Inclusion 
    * Fact Sheets 
    * Monthly Updates 

  * Calendar 
  * Gallery 

    * Slideshows 
    * Summit Webcam 
    * Planetarium Assets 

  * Explore 

    * Why are we named after Vera Rubin? 
    * Legacy Survey of Space and Time (LSST) 
    * Science Goals 
    * Observatory Site Selection 
    * Rubin Voices 
    * Rubin Numbers 
    * Rubin Technology 
    * Alert Stream 
    * Citizen Science 

  * News 

    * Rubinobservatory.org News 
    * LSST.org News 

      * Digest 
      * Monthly Updates 
      * Project Events 
      * In the News 
      * Press Releases 

  * For Media 
  * For Scientists 

    * Science Collaborations 
    * Support for Science 
    * Community Forum 
    * Early Science 
    * Survey Strategy 
    * Alert Brokers 
    * Data Preview 0 
    * Users Committee 
    * Community Science team 
    * Citizen Science 
    * Glossary & Acronyms 
    * FAQ 
    * Codes of Conduct 
    * Working Groups, Boards, Committees 
    * International Data Rights Holder List 
    * In-Kind Program 

      * Programs 
      * Resources 
      * Data Rights 
      * CEC 
      * Contributed Computing Resources 
      * Recipients 
      * General Pool 
      * Resource Needs 
      * Contact 
      * FAQs 
      * Software Consultancy 

    * Citing Rubin Obs. 

  * Education 

    * Students 
    * Education FAQs 
    * Educators 
    * Glossary 
    * Investigations 




#### ← Back to rubinobservatory.org

  * Home/
  * For Scientists/
  * Glossary & Acronyms



  * Science Collaborations
  * Support for Science
  * Community Forum
  * Early Science
  * Survey Strategy
  * Alert Brokers
  * Data Preview 0
  * Users Committee
  * Community Science team
  * Citizen Science
  * Glossary & Acronyms
  * FAQ
  * Codes of Conduct
  * Working Groups, Boards, Committees
  * International Data Rights Holder List
  * In-Kind Program
  * Citing Rubin Obs.



* * *

  * Key Numbers

* * *

    * Understanding Data & Simulations

* * *

    * Publications, Documents & Images/Video

* * *

    * News, Deadlines, & Events

* * *

    * How to get involved



* * *

####   
Satellite Constellations

Vera C. Rubin Observatory Statement on the Impact of Satellite Constellations

  


#  Glossary & Acronyms 

#### Acronyms and Glossary of terms used in the Rubin Observatory project, Data Management, and Astronomy

Inclusion criterion: should be in some way Rubin Observatory related.

Don't see what you're looking for?**Request a term!**

Search

###### Cart & Rails Testing on the Summit

In this video you can see the summit team pushing a large metal cart...

###### Rubin 2023—Operations Team Takes the PCW Helm

The Rubin Operations team hosted its first Rubin Project and Community...

###### Rubin Shines at AAS 241

January 24, 2023 - To kick off 2023, Vera C. Rubin Observatory sta...

Financial support for Rubin Observatory comes from the National Science Foundation (NSF) through Cooperative Agreement No. 1258333, the Department of Energy (DOE) Office of Science under Contract No. DE-AC02-76SF00515, and private funding raised by the LSST Corporation. The NSF-funded Rubin Observatory Project Office for construction was established as an operating center under management of the Association of Universities for Research in Astronomy (AURA). The DOE-funded effort to build the Rubin Observatory LSST Camera (LSSTCam) is managed by the SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory (SLAC).   
The National Science Foundation (NSF) is an independent federal agency created by Congress in 1950 to promote the progress of science. NSF supports basic research and people to create knowledge that transforms the future.   
NSF and DOE will continue to support Rubin Observatory in its Operations phase. They will also provide support for scientific research with LSST data.   
  
  
  
  
Contact | We are Hiring

Admin Login

Back to Top
