Skip to main content

__ `Ctrl`+`K`

TSSW Developer Guide

Site Navigation 

  * Team 
  * Work management 
  * Development guidelines 
  * Rubin docs 



__

______

  * __ GitHub



__

Site Navigation 

  * Team 
  * Work management 
  * Development guidelines 
  * Rubin docs 



______

  * __ GitHub



# Telescope and Site Software Developer Guide#

This page contains general procedures and guidelines adopted by the Telescope and Site Software (TSSW) team. It serves as reference for the work done during construction, and future operations, of the Vera Rubin Observatory control software.

## Team#

Basic information about the TSSW team and our culture.

  * Onboarding checklist

  * Team culture and conduct standards




## Communications#

TSSW adopts the same communications channels and procedures as Data Management (DM). For more information see DM Communications Guidelines.

## Work Management#

How work is coordinated and executed by TSSW.

  * Jira Workflow

  * Development Workflow




## Development Guides#

For the most part TSSW follow DM code style guidelines. We highly recommend reviewing these guidelines before contributing to TSSW repositories.

Following are a few guidelines particular to TSSW software:

  * Create a new repository with Sqrbot-jr.

  * Python is the language used most broadly by TSSW.

  * pre-commit is a tool used to help guarantee style, formatting, etc consistency across the project.

  * Reporting Work for XML Release describes how to update CSCs interfaces.

  * Developing CSCs with docker.

  * Conda is the official package management system used to distribute TSSW software.

  * Jenkinsfile contains information on how to setup the CI job for your packages.

  * Documentation Guide contains information on how to write and publish package documentation.

  * Versioning describes how to version your packages.

  * Adding or Removing a CSC from the XML Interface describes how to add new components to the observatory control system.

  * XML Version History describes how to handle versioning of the control system interfaces.




next

Team

__

__On this page

  * Team 
  * Communications 
  * Work Management 
  * Development Guides 



__Edit this page

© Copyright 2024 Association of Universities for Research in Astronomy, Inc. (AURA).  


Built with the  PyData Sphinx Theme  0.12.0. 

Created using Sphinx 5.3.0.  

