Skip to Contents

# DocuShare

  * Login



__

Advanced

## Extended search

Search Text Contained In: Any Part Title, Summary, Description, Keywords, Content Title, Summary, Description, Keywords Document Content Only Keywords Only Owner Only Last Modified: None Today Since Yesterday Within the last week Within the last 2 weeks Within the last month Within the last 2 months Within the last 6 months Within the last year

Object Types: All Object Types Documents & Collections Calendars & Events Weblogs & Wikis Discussions & Topics Users & Groups Collections Only Documents Only Document Types: All Document Types Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Powerpoint) Microsoft Word Microsoft PowerPoint Microsoft Excel Adobe PDF (.pdf) Any Image Document

Maximum Results: 5 20 50 100 250 500 1000 2000 Sort Results: Ranked Order By Title By Date By Date Ascending By Type and Title By Type and Date By Title Reversed By Owner

  * Home
  * __ Quick Search



not imageManager! is_logged_in_user! 

__ This site uses cookies for its functions. By continuing to browse the site, you agree to allow cookies to be set on your computer.  OK  More Information

#  DocuShare® Cookies Info 

Xerox operates a strict privacy policy around the world. We are committed to being transparent about the technologies we use, and we've outlined below how we use cookies when you visit this site.   
  
##  What is a cookie? 

A cookie is a small snippet of text that a website asks your browser to store. All cookies have expiration dates in them that determine how long they stay in your browser. Cookies can be removed in two ways: automatically, when they expire, or when you manually delete them. We've included more details below to help you understand what kinds of cookies we use.   
  
##  Does DocuShare use cookies? 

Yes, with the primary purpose to make our website work more effectively.   
  
##  What kinds of cookies does DocuShare use and why? 

We use different kinds of cookies for various reasons: 

###  \- Session cookies 

These are temporary cookies that expire (and are automatically erased) whenever you close your browser. We use session cookies to grant access to content and enable commenting (things you have to log in to do). 

###  \- Persistent cookies 

These usually have a future expiration date and therefore stay in your browser until they expire, or until you manually delete them. We use persistent cookies for functionalities like the "Retain login for future" checkbox, which makes it possible for registered users to return to the site without having to log in.   
  
##  What are the cookies used by DocuShare? 

JSESSIONID 

With this cookie, DocuShare can remember the operation you performed previously; this is also the prerequisite to perform various DocuShare features.   
  
AmberUser 

In order to fulfill the privileges of each user type, we need this cookie to remember the authentication information from each login.   
  
AcceptCookie 

With this cookie, DocuShare can remember that you have already read the warning message about cookie usage, so that we can hide it for your return visits.   
  
##  Why does the message explaining cookies keep appearing? 

If you close the banner and it reappears the next time you visit us, you most likely have cookies disabled. We use a persistent cookie to remember that you closed the banner, but this only works when cookies on our site are enabled.   
  
##  How can I delete or disable cookies? 

If you want to delete or disable cookies, see:  www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies  
  
  * Quick Search Home
  * Classic Home


  * Help
  * Content Map 


  * About DocuShare
  * Site Statistics
  * Server Statistics


  * Cookies
  * DocuShare.xerox.com



Copyright © 1996-2016 Xerox Corporation. All Rights Reserved.

­Go to Xerox.com
